Enhance explanation of 'youki' name origin (#3472)
containers/youki: docs/src/youki.md

## About the name

> **youki** is pronounced as /joʊki/ or yoh-key. The name youki comes from the 

Reviewer: Why do we need to add a newline after `the`?

> Japanese word **容器** (**ようき**), which means 'a container' or 'a vessel', youki can also be written as **陽気** (**ようき**, youki), meaning 'cheerful' or 'merry'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**youki** is pronounced as /joʊki/ or yoh-key. The name comes from the Japanese word **ようき**, which can be written with two different sets of kanji: **容器**, meaning 'a container' or 'a vessel', and **陽気**, meaning
  'cheerful', 'merry', or 'hilarious'.
```

>   'cheerful', 'merry', or 'hilarious'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**youki** is pronounced as /joʊki/ or yoh-key. The name comes from the Japanese word **ようき**, which can be written with two different sets of kanji: **容器**, meaning 'a container' or 'a vessel', and **陽気**, meaning 'cheerful', 'merry', or 'hilarious'.
```
